[Certora] Check allowances are reset or untouched (#238)
morpho-org/bundler3: certora/README.md

The Bundler3 contract enables an EOA to call different endpoint contracts onchain as well as grouping several calls in a single bundle.
These calls may themselves reenter the Bundler3 contract.

### Approvals

> The file [`EthereumGeneralAdapter1.sol`](../src/adapters/EthereumGeneralAdapter1.sol) is not checked since only trusted contracts are being approved in this adapter.

Reviewer: misleading as EthereumGeneralAdapter1 is also a GeneralAdapter1

Author: But also, now it is checked.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/morpho-org/bundler3/pull/238/commits/39e63abe847671ab8d2e95b8af50a603494da45f.

### Folders and file structure

The [`certora/specs`](specs) folder contains these files:

- [`Bundler3.spec`](specs/Bundler3.spec) checks Bundler3 entry points behave as expected;

> - [`AllowancesInvariant.spec`](specs/AllowancesInvariant.spec) check that allowances to untrusted contracts are reset to zero or untouched in adapters;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`AllowancesInvariant.spec`](specs/AllowancesInvariant.spec) check that token allowances are reset;
```
